Review and Updates to Goal (#1027)
cerner/fhir.cerner.com: content/millennium/dstu2/care-provision/goal.md

## Overview

> The Goal resource describes intended objectives for a patient. A goal is typically expressed as a desired outcome or health state to be achieved by a patient over a period or at a specific point in time. A goal may address preventative health or mitigation of a diagnosis or problem. Goals can be nonhealthcare related (for example, dance at a wedding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Goal resource describes intended objectives for a patient. A goal is typically expressed as a desired outcome or health state to be achieved by a patient over a period or at a specific point in time. A goal may address preventative health or mitigation of a diagnosis or problem. Goals can be non-healthcare related (for example, dance at a wedding).
```

The following fields are returned if valued:

* [Goal ID](http://hl7.org/fhir/dstu2/resource-definitions.html#Resource.id){:target="_blank"}
* [Subject (patient)](http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2/goal-definitions.html#Goal.subject){:target="_blank"}
* [Start date](http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2/goal-definitions.html#Goal.start_x_){:target="_blank"}

> * [Target date](http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2/goal-definitions.html#Goal.target_x_){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer 2: https-ify, please - check field links + trailing file links in both files.

### Parameters

 Name              | Required?        | Type          | Description
-------------------|------------------|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 `_id`             | Conditionally    | [`token`]     | The logical resource ID associated with the goal. This parameter is required if `patient` or `subject` are not used. Example: `_id=7891`
 `patient`         | Conditionally    | [`reference`] | The patient who has the goal. This parameter is required if `_id` or `subject` are not used. Example: `patient=12345`

>  `subject:Patient` | Condtionally     | [`reference`] | The subject who this goal is intended for. Must represent a Patient resource. May use the `:Patient` modifier. This parameter is required if `_id` or `patient` are not used. Example: `subject=Patient/12345` or `subject:Patient=12345`

Reviewer: we should remove the modifier on the field name, since it is not required and is included in the description and examples.

also, pluralize "Example:"
